In July 2018, a long-awaited event took place
in Lviv, Ukraine:
the “Be Courageous”! Special Convention.
The delegates were arriving
from nine different countries
at all times of day and night.
Even so, all of them were warmly welcomed
by local brothers and sisters.
When we got here, we were picked up
and everything was just perfectly organized.
For about a year and a half,
brothers in various departments
were preparing for this event.
We are confident
in Jehovah’s blessing and support.
The delegates also worked
with local publishers in the field service,
inviting the residents
of Lviv to the convention.
The branch office
organized different excursions.
Tours in the ancient city center
enriched the delegates
not only culturally but also spiritually.
On some buildings,
they could see Bible citations
and the Tetragrammaton of God’s name.
Outside of Lviv,
tours included visiting the picturesque
Carpathian Mountains region.
The delegates also visited three castles,
in which art and historical exhibitions
were on display.
In the Svirzh Castle,
they enjoyed a dancing program,
in which about 90
brothers and sisters participated.
In the branch office, guests learned
about the work done by each department
and got acquainted with the Bethel family,
who had prepared a special program for them.
The evening gathering program
consisted of songs, dances,
and a video about the history
of Jehovah’s Witnesses in Ukraine.
It encouraged the guests a lot.
Many of them were even moved to tears.
At the same time,
preparations at the stadium were underway.
We are waiting for the moment
when this whole stadium will be filled
with faithful servants of Jehovah.
It’s a special privilege
for the Branch Committee
in Ukraine to warmly welcome all of you!
We couldn’t speak the language.
You could barely say any words
to each other, but the hugs and—
You could feel the love,
and that’s why it was so special.
The convention program
was held in four languages: Ukrainian,
English, Russian,
and Russian Sign Language.
It helped everyone to be courageous
despite any trials.
A special time for me
was to be able to be
with my brothers and sisters
and learn to have courage
despite difficulties.
The peak attendance at the convention
was 25,489,
with 255 being baptized.
May Jehovah richly bless all of you.
You will never regret
the decision you made today.
If God is for us, no one can be against us.
So put your trust in Jehovah
because there are more
who are with us
than against us.
I can say one thing that stood out to me
is that it taught me hospitality
at a level
that I’ve never experienced before.
The way the brothers and sisters
have been kind to us and treated us
is a lesson that I’ll bring back with me.
We can see that love.
It’s just another demonstration
that we are in the true religion,
and this is Jehovah’s organization.
So it’s all thanks to him.